
!! #AA1133, #633C3B, #ffffff, #FFFFFF

menu.title.bg.color: #AA1133
menu.bullet.image.color: #AA1133
window.active.client.color: #AA1133
menu.items.active.bg.color: #AA1133
window.active.grip.bg.color: #AA1133
window.active.title.bg.color: #AA1133
window.active.handle.bg.color: #AA1133
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #AA1133
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #AA1133
window.active.button.toggled.image.color: #AA1133
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #AA1133

menu.items.bg.color: #633C3B
window.inactive.client.color: #633C3B
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #633C3B
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #633C3B
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #633C3B
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #633C3B
window.inactive.button.toggled.image.color: #633C3B
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #633C3B

menu.title.text.color: #ffffff
menu.items.active.text.color: #ffffff
window.active.label.text.color:  #ffffff
window.active.button.toggled.bg.color: #ffffff
window.active.button.toggled.bg.colorTo: #ffffff
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #ffffff

menu.items.text.color: #FFFFFF
menu.bullet.selected.image.color: #FFFFFF
window.inactive.label.text.color: #FFFFFF
window.inactive.button.toggled.bg.color: #FFFFFF
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #FFFFFF
window.inactive.button.toggled.bg.colorTo: #FFFFFF
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.colorTo: #FFFFFF
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

border.color: black
menu.title.bg: flat
window.active.grip.bg: flat
window.active.handle.bg: flat
window.inactive.grip.bg: flat
window.inactive.title.bg: flat
window.inactive.handle.bg: flat
window.active.title.bg: focus: flat
window.active.button.disabled.bg: flat
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: flat
window.active.button.toggled.bg: flat vertical flat
window.inactive.button.toggled.bg: flat vertical flat

menu.items.justify: left
menu.title.text.justify: left
window.label.text.justify: left

menu.items.bg: flat solid
menu.items.active.bg: flat solid

window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: parentrelative

border.width: 3
padding.width: 2
padding.height: 1
window.handle.width: 3
window.client.padding.width: 0
menu.items.font: Bitstream Vera Sans:size=6
menu.title.text.font: Bitstream Vera Sans:bold:size=6
window.active.label.text.font: Bitstream Vera Sans:bold:size=6
window.inactive.label.text.font: Bitstream Vera Sans:bold:size=6

